[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hi, it's James here
from Food Matters,
and I'm here today
with Kristina Karlsson,
founder of one of the
most beautiful, stylish,
and simplistic stationery
companies in the world,
named after her childhood
nickname, Kikki.
It's called kikki.K. It's
grown into a global empire
and has some incredible wares.
And today we're
going to be talking
about her book and her mission
to inspire people to dream big.
Kristina, how are you?
>> I'm really well.
Thanks for having me.
>> That's exciting.
So your story started--
it's easy for people
to look at you and go,
wow, you're the
successful founder
of this beautiful
company and so stylish
and jet setting
around the world.
But your story started in a
very different fashion, right?
You moved to Australia and were
a bit lost for what to do next.
Can you tell me
what was happening
at that stage of your life?
>> Absolutely.
So I grew up in Sweden, and
then I worked in a ski resort
in Austria, where I
met my partner, Paul.
And he was from
Australia, so I decided
to go with him to Australia.
And when I decided to stay
in Australia, I thought,
if I'm going to stay here,
I have to do something
that I really love.
And that was not
so easy to find,
and I was whingeing
and complaining,
and I just was a
little bit unsettled.
And I think I was asking
Paul like five times a day,
what am I going to
do with my life?
And one morning at
3:00 AM, I woke him up,
I think for the fifth
time, saying, what am I
going to do with my life?
And he then very nicely
turned on the light
and said, why don't we write
down what's important to you?
And at 3:00 AM--
I call it my 3:00 AM list--
I wrote down that I wanted to
drive to work every single day
and really loving
what I was doing.
I wanted to have a
business on my own,
but I had no idea what
that was going to be.
I wanted to have a
connection with Sweden.
I wanted to work
with Swedish design
because that was
one of my passions.
And then I wanted
to make $500 a week.
And that kind of was my
first dreams on paper.
And then when I looked
at that-- and it's
a bit of a longer
story than this,
but to make it a long story
short, I looked at that paper,
and I thought, if I'm going to
have my own business one day,
I have to have
beautiful stationery.
And I was growing up in
Sweden with beautiful design
around me, and I wanted to have
something that was inspiring,
but also beautifully
designed and good quality.
And I wanted to be organized.
So I thought, I'm going to
go out and buy some products.
And I just could
not find anything.
And then I got--
I didn't get depressed.
That's not the right word.
But I was like, this is boring.
And then I got super
excited, and I thought,
I'm actually going to
start my own business,
and I'm going to open
beautiful Swedish design
stores specializing
in stationery
in my favorite cities,
being Paris, London, New
York, et cetera, Sydney,
Copenhagen, London, whatever.
And I just started.
And kikki.K. was born.
>> So the name was after
a nickname that you had
at school, right?
How did that come about?
>> I was having dinner with
a friend who was a graphic
designer, and I liked
K as the letter.
And because I spelled
Kikki with K-I-KK-I,
it looked really
beautiful graphically.
And my last name was Karlsson.
So I put it on a
little serviette,
and we were having dinner.
It was like a Tuesday
night or something.
And he had young kids,
and he was saying,
let's put it on the computer.
And I said, no, not now.
And we did it, and it's
never been changed since.
Well, it has been changed
a couple of times lately,
but for a long time,
it was the same.
>> And how old were you when you
sort of came up with this idea
for kikki.K, and what
has it grown into today?
>> So I was 22 when
I came to Australia,
so it took me a couple of years
before I came up with the idea.
And it started
with me asking Paul
if he would sell his house
to open our first store.
I had this dream to
open around the world,
and I just didn't
have any money.
So I thought, we
have to get going.
So Paul sold his house
to open the first store.
And now we have over 100
stores in five countries,
and we sell to 147 countries
online, which blows
my mind every time I say it.
So it's an exciting journey,
and my biggest dream now
is to inspire 101 million people
to write down three dreams
and then go and chase them.
>> Was there a part
of you that thought,
there's no way this
is going to happen?
Or did you just
believe it so much
that you just pushed
through all obstacles?
>> I think we all
deal with self-doubt.
So having those
big dreams on paper
seemed impossible at the time.
But because they were dreams,
I felt like, let's just
start somewhere.
And there's a quote that I love.
You don't have to
be great to start,
but you actually have
to start to be great.
And I just started.
And because I was so excited
about this big vision
and this big dream,
I just kept going,
and I was just so excited.
And I was talking to
suppliers about opening stores
around the world,
but I had no idea
how to put together a notebook.
So of course some people
thought I was absolutely mad.
But there's another
really good quote,
which is, it's
really good that you
don't know what you don't know.
Because if you knew what
you have to go through,
all the challenges that
we all have to go through,
it's good sometimes
not knowing that.
And I think there's
four things that really
got to where we are today.
Number one is passion.
I really, truly believe that
if you do something you love,
you are going to get
through all the challenges.
Because regardless
how good our plan is,
there is always challenges.
In a small business
or in life in general,
there's not smooth sailing
all the way through life.
So doing something you
love is so, so important.
Number two is vision.
I think having a
clear vision, like I
had all these amazing
locations mapped out,
and I put clocks up
in the office walls
to really make sure that we
were working towards that.
So having a clear vision
was also really important
in terms of when
tough times hit us,
which they have throughout the
years, and also for the team
to know where we're going,
so having that clear vision.
Number three is don't say no.
Say how.
I think as a small business,
most small businesses,
with the statistics, it's
they fail really quickly.
And not giving up, I
think, is a key ingredient
to really succeed
when you start.
So in our office wall,
we have don't say no.
Say how.
There is always a way.
But sometimes you have
to look at your ways
in a different way.
And then the fourth
one is dreaming.
Because I dream in
my personal life,
but I also dream
within the business.
Because then it takes all
the restrictions away.
Because if you just look
at what's realistic,
you probably wouldn't be able
to do what you want to do.
So dreaming is a really big part
of starting a business as well.
>> So part of that dream to
help bring your idea of dreaming
to other people was to
write a book, right?
>> Yep.
>> And in that book, you sort
of break down this process
of setting goals.
>> Yep.
>> And one of the things that
people first confront when they
set goals is they start
writing them down,
but then they start
thinking to themselves,
there's no way I'm going to
be able to do that, right?
This self-limiting
voice comes in.
Tell me about what's
happening in that process
and how people can
move through it.
>> Yeah, well, I think if we
are starting by setting goals,
we often stretch ourselves.
We might look at
where we are today,
and we might say, well,
my next step in my career.
Or it might be
that I want to run
a bit further or a
bit faster or whatever
it is in terms of
different goals
and different
aspects of your life.
But I think if you do
that, you limit yourself.
Because then you
might have been all
of a sudden in a role that
might not be your dream role,
and it might be not your
dream life as it is right now.
So I like to not
think about goals.
I like to start with dreaming.
And then I like to ask
myself a few questions.
And that is, what would you
do if you couldn't fail?
If you had all the money,
because often money restricts
the way that we think that we
can do things because we say,
I can't do that because
I can't afford it,
or it's not possible because
of my salary or whatever.
So what would you do
if you couldn't fail?
If you had all the money, the
resources, and the knowledge,
and the time, and
the energy and health
to do whatever you
want to do in life?
Then it often brings
up things that
might be completely different
to where we are right now today.
So I think we are very
encouraged by parents, perhaps.
Schools-- you might be super
smart in school and end up
in the most amazing school,
and then you go to university,
and all of a sudden you are
in a role that maybe was
your parents' dreams or your
teachers' because you were
so talented.
So I meet a lot of people when
I do my talks and my workshops
about dreaming that actually
are not living their own dream
life.
They are either influenced
by parents or schools
or social media today
as well, of course.
>> Talking to that
point a little bit,
how do you feel the culture sort
of impacts the dreams that we
set, and/or schooling
or social media?
Because a lot of the
times we're setting goals
that are very materialistic.
It's like things, accumulating
houses, cars, planes,
whatever it is.
And yet we're not--
I feel like we're getting
that from society.
We're getting that from social.
What do you think is influencing
this nature of goal setting?
>> Well, I think
in today's world,
you can see what everyone
else, what they're doing,
but also what they're having.
And if people are
doing well, they
might be posting about that.
They might not post about how
they worked so hard to get it.
So I think we're
influenced by that.
And of course, we all want
to live in the most beautiful
home, and we all want to
drive the car of our dreams
or whatever.
So I think that's just a
natural thing that we do,
because that's what
a lot of people do.
But the way that I do it is
to dream in different areas.
So what are your
dreams for your health?
If you could have
anything for your health,
what would that be?
Would you be the fittest
you've ever been,
or would you start yoga or
meditation or whatever it is?
And then I also think that we
should dream for our community.
So we might be heartbroken
because you lost someone,
or someone was ill, or you
might have an illness yourself.
So you might feel
really passionate
about something that
has influenced you.
So I think dreaming in
the community areas,
dreaming about health,
but then also dreaming
about your career and
your life and your family
or relationships or friends.
So I think you should
dream in all aspects,
not just about what you
actually want to buy.
And most of my dreams
now are fun dreams
of things that I
want to travel to
and things I want
to do with my family
or friends or people I
want to meet, for example.
In my book, I have a
whole 101 people to meet,
because I just find the most
interesting thing in life
is to meet interesting people.
So I just add to that all the
time when I read about someone
or see someone interesting
on television or in a book
or whatever.
So I love dreaming because
there is no limits to dreaming.
>> And let's speak to that.
I want to speak to
something else in a second.
But can you tell me about
some of your dreams?
Because I love how
obscure they are,
like riding Icelandic horses
or going or African safari,
which you did with
your family recently.
So tell me about some
of the experience dreams
that you wrote down.
>> Yeah.
So one of my dreams,
which I think
is very suitable
for this program,
is I want to be a
yoga teacher one day.
But I don't have time
for that now because you
have to do a lot of
hours, and I want
to just do yoga when I feel
like it, not because I have to.
So I decided that I wanted
to become a yoga teacher when
I'm 60 because my dream
is to live till I'm 120.
So I'm thinking if I start at
60, I have quite a few years
to practice yoga.
And it's funny because
I actually then started
to search for yoga teachers,
and I found one yoga teacher who
is still practicing yoga and
teaching yoga in New York,
and she is 101.
So things like
that is really fun.
Other dreams that I have are
to give a brilliant speech
when my son is turning 50.
So that means that I have to
be really healthy because I
will be a bit older then.
And I want to say something
really funny and good,
so it's another incentive
to really keep healthy.
But then I also want to
build my own dream home.
I want to live like two months
in all my favorite cities
as a local, not just in a hotel
and do all the typical tourist
stuff.
I wanted to experience different
cultures and meet local people
and live in a home.
So there's lots of dreams.
And every day I
add to my dreams.
I think it's so
much fun to dream.
>> Yeah.
Beautiful.
In your book, there's
the lady from Zimbabwe
who's become one of
Oprah's favorite people.
And I found her story so
inspirational, so incredible,
just how even dreaming
big with having access
to no resources, no wealth,
really in a very dire state
can still open up-- there's
possibilities that can open up
and that things can happen.
Because I think that she's maybe
created this environment of,
this is a possibility.
>> Yeah.
>> But there was a grandmother
or an advisor or somebody
in her community
that said, wait,
you have to add one more
dream to your dreams.
It can't just be about you.
It has to be about
your community.
>> Yep.
>> Maybe tell me a little
bit about that story.
Because you went and met
with her recently, right?
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
Maybe tell me a little
bit about that story,
how you had one of
your goals to meet her,
and how you did meet her.
And then the aspect
of her making
it bigger than just her
dream of going to university.
It became about the community.
I'd love to hear
that story from you.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
So when I wrote my book, I kept
thinking about the young people
in my life that could
benefit from the dreaming
that I've done.
And I wanted to pass
on what I've learned.
But then I kept thinking
about my book group, who
are in my age or older, and
they all achieved so many
of their dreams.
And I was thinking,
I wonder if they
would love dreaming as
much as these young people
that I'm trying to encourage.
So I did this exercise, which is
in my book, called 101 dreams.
And I realized, of course, it
has nothing to do with age.
It doesn't matter
how old you are
because you will keep dreaming
until your end of your life.
And one of my
girlfriends, Anna Coren,
she called me the day after.
She was so inspired by dreaming.
And she said, I came across
this amazing woman who
is an African lady, but she
is like a dreamer like you.
So she said, you have to
listen to this podcast.
So I did, and that is when
everything came together
for me.
Because when I was
writing the book,
I wanted to do something
for someone else.
I wanted to support a charity.
And we support a lot
of things at kikki.K,
but we haven't
found one that felt
like really aligned with us.
And I thought, this is
perfect because Tererai,
she has like 12 schools
in Zimbabwe now.
So we have stationery.
So we've just given
stationery to all the schools.
And she is also a dreamer,
and it really connects us.
So I contacted her
and I said, I would
love to support your schools.
And my dream is to give a
US dollar per book sold.
And my dream is to sell 1
million books so I can give her
a million dollars.
And I think she thought
I was a bit crazy
because, of course, first
sell 1 million books is not
the easiest task.
[LAUGHS]
But that's what I'm
working all the time
to see if I can
achieve that, but also
being able to support
the stationery and things
like that.
So I contacted her, and
when I launched a book,
we did the book
signings together.
And she is an amazing woman.
She is my biggest inspiration.
And the reason why I share
her story both in my book,
but also on my
podcast, is because she
had absolutely nothing.
So Tererai, she grew up
in a culture in Zimbabwe
where she was married away
as an 11-year-old girl.
And she had I think
five kids before 18
and abused and lived in a very
challenging culture, where
she didn't have much.
And she didn't get
to go to school.
She couldn't write and read.
So an American woman
came to her village
and said, what are your dreams?
And she was like, how can I
possibly dream when for me it's
about survival?
And the American woman,
she kept asking her.
And then she said, well, if
I can do anything in my life,
I would love first to get
an education here and then
university.
And my biggest dreams would
be to have a PhD in America.
And she actually went
home to her mother,
and her mother said,
if you're going
to do all that, I think
you should add one more
dream for the betterment
of other people.
So she did add--
her last dream was to come back
to the community, if she could
achieve all that, come
back to the community
and then help other girls
not going through what
she had to go through.
So to make a very long story
short, she achieved all that--
unbelievable.
And she got her PhD.
Oprah heard about her.
She got invited for the show.
She got invited to the show, and
she got invited a second time.
And Oprah gave her $1.5
million to go back and achieve
her last dream, which
is unbelievable.
And now she has 12 schools.
And what I love about that
story is that she had nothing,
and she had all the
hurdles and challenges
that I think we all
feel that we have.
But at least most
of us have a phone.
Most of us have food, internet,
and somewhere to stay,
and she didn't have all that.
And that's why I like
sharing her story,
because I think it's
so powerful for people
to hear that she
achieved all that.
And what she's doing now
is just unbelievable.
She just became a statue in
New York, one of the 10 women
who just became
statues in New York.
And I was there, and I was
just so incredibly proud
because what she
had to go through
and what she is changing
in her community,
having seen that
myself recently,
was just unbelievable.
>> Wow.
Well told.
And it's so cool you're
involved with her and her story
and kikki.K is
aligned with that.
And I can't imagine
these schools
having such beautiful stationery
in the middle of nowhere,
just stunning.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
And it's so nice because they
are so grateful, the kids.
And we've actually just done a
collaboration together, kikki.K
and Tererai, where we're giving
a percentage of all the sales
in that collection to
support the schools.
So one of her biggest challenges
is to sustain the schools.
And she wants to
create an income that
is ongoing versus just doing
talks and really relying
on her income.
So this is one thing
that we're doing together
so we can support the schools.
>> Beautiful.
Amazing.
I love it.
So we've spoken about purpose.
We've spoken about giving back.
That's a big part of it.
And I want to talk a
little bit here now
about how self-care rituals
can be so important.
Because when we
set all these goals
and we have these sort of ideas
to go out and conquer the world
or achieve all these things,
sometimes we can burn out.
Sometimes we don't look after
the most important asset
of achieving that goal,
which is ourselves.
How do you bring sort of
self-care and even self-love,
I would say, because a lot
of us beat ourselves up
with our own internal voice.
You can't do it, or
you too overweight,
or you're not pretty enough,
or whatever it might be.
How do we temper those
voices, and how do we
use self-love and self-care
to be able to serve our dreams
and others?
>> Yeah.
I do think that each individual
will have to find something
that is inspiring to them.
So for me, for example,
I'm a bit of a--
I like my own space, and I like
to start the morning on my own.
So I have something that
I call my holy hour.
And my ideal morning would
start at 5:00 AM, when
it's still dark or the sun is
coming up and it's just me.
And I always start with writing
three pages, morning pages,
inspired by Julia Cameron.
And then I always have loads
of ideas out of writing
whatever comes to mind.
And then I have
another journal where
I capture all those ideas.
Because the first morning
pages I don't actually save,
but the other one I do.
And then I always
do some learning,
because that is something
that really inspires me.
And that keeps me going,
and I always want to share.
And that's one of my
values is to learn,
but then also to share
everything that I learned.
So I do that in the morning,
and then I meditate.
And then between 6:00
and 7:00-- this is ideal.
I'm not perfect in any
way, so this is my ideal.
And then I exercise
between 6:00 and 7:00.
That could be running,
walking, yoga,
whatever I feel like doing,
just some kind of movement.
And then by the time
I'm home at 7:00
and then it's all about
getting the kids to school
or whatever I need
to do, that is really
what gets me to feel that
I really care for myself.
Because whatever that
day then brings me--
it could be important
meetings or urgent meetings,
or it could be other
people's agenda,
I feel like I had
that self-care.
But I think everyone
needs to find their own,
whatever that is for them.
It could be that you go spend
a lot of time in nature.
Or one of, I think, the
most important things
in today's world is
disconnect to reconnect in
terms of turning those phones
off sometimes, or the screens.
Because I think we
are on all the time.
And sometimes it's
really difficult
to actually care for
yourself if you're always on
and you're always thinking about
what other people are doing
and actually taking some
time to really think about,
if I could do whatever I
wanted to do in my life,
what would that be?
And I feel like that is
the biggest self-care
that you can possibly give you.
>> It's beautiful.
I love it.
Space, huh?
Really space.
>> Space.
>> In terms of practical tips,
your inspiration is to inspire
101 million people, right?
To write down just
three goals there.
But you have three dreams.
But you have-- there is
one section of your book--
and I've been going on
this, and I'm loving it.
I always love--
but I'm with you.
I love setting
goals because as you
set them and you achieve six out
of your 20, you're like, whoa,
I can do this.
And then it cascades
and you keep going.
Because I think we underestimate
how powerful we really are.
But you're very much--
one of your key
practical ideas is
to get people to write
them down and then
look at them every day.
So what's your practical
advice to somebody
who's just starting out?
Is it just write
down three goals.
Look at it every day?
Is that where people can start?
>> I think everyone should
start with no restrictions,
just whatever comes to mind.
What would you do if
you couldn't fail?
If you had all the money,
the resources, the knowledge,
and the time, the
energy, and the health
to do whatever you want
to do, what comes to mind?
And just keep
writing and writing.
It could be small dreams.
It could be big dreams.
And really, then,
start capturing.
And the more you dream,
I feel like that's
like a practice like
meditation or yoga.
The more you practice,
the better you get.
And just keep adding to them.
And then at some stage,
decide which three
you're going to focus on.
These can all be
long-term dreams
or could be short-term dreams.
It doesn't really matter.
But it's really just about
moving forward and making sure
that you're living a life
that is true to yourself.
I always find it quite sad
to meet people who are not
living their dream life.
And when I say dream life,
it's not a perfect life
because we know that
the bigger the dreams,
the more challenges we get to
have, which is part of life.
But I always think that
at the end of your life,
you want to look
back and say, well, I
did at least a few things that
was really important to me.
And I feel like
life goes so fast,
then even if we do get
to live a long life,
life is pretty short.
So I always want to make
sure that I do things
that I love doing.
And of course, helping
others and dreaming also
for community and family
and friends, et cetera.
But really do something
that you love.
So starting with just writing
down whatever comes to mind
is my biggest step.
>> Beautiful.
A common theme that we've
had in some of our work
that we've done
previously, and I think
it aligns with a lot
of what you're doing,
is around purpose,
discovering purpose.
And people get quite
daunted by that idea.
They're like,
well, I don't know.
What am I here to do?
What's my purpose?
How do you advise people
on discovering more
about what their purpose might
be, their mission in life,
like what they're here to do?
How can people tap
into that more?
>> Well, I really think
that spending some time with
yourself and really ask yourself
what is important to me,
and what are your values.
Like I love Dr. Demartini's
values-based test
that you can do online for free.
I have that in my book.
But there's a few other ways
of coming up with your values.
But really making sure
that you find out what
is really important to you.
Because I think sometimes we get
so influenced by other people
that all of a sudden you turn 50
and you have a mid-life crisis
and you realize that I'm
actually not living my purpose
or what is important to me.
And I want to encourage people
to do that before that happens.
Often it is someone
passes away or sickness
or whatever it is that
gets you to realize
what is your purpose.
But you can actually do all
that work without having that
and enjoy the
process a bit more.
But one of my
mentors, Robin Sharma,
he's told me once, never
waste a good crisis.
And I've never understood
that, but as I've
gone through a few
challenging times, since then
I always think he was
right because that's
when the growth is, when you
are actually really suffering
or really of
finding it difficult
and going through
the challenges,
whatever that might be
for each individual.
That's when you really are
digging deep and finding
what is important to me.
And that's part of
finding your purpose.
>> Beautiful.
One of the things
that comes up, another
question I have around
values, is really
people find that a bit
of an abstract idea.
And I know you
referenced Demartini,
but I'd like to
hear it from you.
I've done some values
alignment work.
I did it with Tony Robbins
at a Date with Destiny.
It was a six-day event.
A big part of it is to
write down or discover
what your previous values
were without you really
knowing about it and what
your ideal values would be.
And they were things
and words that I'd never
used to describe my life before,
like freedom, or adventure,
or love, or
compassion, or service.
And so could you help
describe for people listening
to this interview what
some of these values
might be so they can start
to identify with them
a little bit?
So if they're struggling,
what's this idea of values,
you can share what some
of the words would be
or what some of your values are.
>> My biggest value
is actually learning,
like personal development.
And it took me a long time to
realize that that was actually
one of my biggest learning.
Because I love learning
in so many different ways,
but I don't really love
learning about new cars.
It was really about
improving my life.
And that's what our
purpose of kikki.K
is, to inspire people to live
their best life every day.
So finding values that
are true to yourself,
you really need
to spend some time
to think about if you
could do anything today,
what would you actually
spend time doing?
And then really think about,
what would I choose to do?
And I think that's
why Dr. Demartini does
such a great job, because he
doesn't cover just one thing.
Because I think he gives
a really good example
that most people who you ask
about their values, if I say
is financial freedom
one of your values,
most people would say yes.
And then you ask, what
are you doing about it?
And most people will
say, well, I'm not really
doing anything because it's
not their highest value.
So, for example, for
me, financial freedom
is not my highest value,
but freedom on my own time
is really, really high up there.
So I think you should
spend some time
and really work out what
is important to you.
And if you can have a
whole free day, what would
you spend your time doing?
And that often gets you a bit
of an idea on what actually
is true, not just what
you say is true, but also
what you actually want
to spend your time doing.
>> Well done.
I love it.
Freedom is one of my
top ones, I discovered.
And it was very low down
previously in my old values
that I discovered.
And then when I sort
of realigned them,
I'm like, no, freedom.
And also-- I'm trying to
word this the right way,
but inspiring others, helping
unlock potential in people,
helping unlock possibility
to heal, to connect, to move
through challenges in life.
And that became what
we did after that.
Food Matters was not yet born
when I did that values work.
And then from the
freedom component,
getting to make films
and travel the world
and meet interesting people
is ultimate alignment.
So really my work became
my values in a lot of ways.
It's powerful stuff.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
And I really do think that
life is too short not to do
what you love, and every day.
When I did a podcast
yesterday, even that
was out of my comfort zone.
I just love it.
And talking about things like
this, this is what I love.
And sharing and
learning is definitely
high up there on my values.
>> Being of service to others
I think is something that gets
grossly under looked when
we start to do goal setting.
But in a lot of the work that
I've done interviewing people,
it's in serving others that
so much fulfillment, so much
happiness comes from that.
You've got the stationary
company, and it's beautiful,
and you make people's
homes look amazing.
But I don't think
anything lit you
up as much as giving
those kids that stationery
in those schools.
So can you speak to
how much you think
giving back and having a
greater purpose to your work
and serving others is important?
Is that something that you think
people should be focusing on
more and more?
>> Well, I think everyone
should focus on what they love.
And I think if you
do what you love,
and because of
doing all that you
are able to share your
passions and your purpose
with other people, and that
means that they are inspired,
and then they will be inspired.
So it's a lovely ripple effect.
But one of my values is sharing.
Since the day I can
remember, I always love,
if I'm reading a great
book, I always share it,
and I absolutely
love sharing it.
So that became part of
the kikki.K purpose.
And I always encourage
people to share
whatever field they are in.
Because there is always
someone behind you
in terms of starting out in life
that could do with some help.
And there is always someone
who is less fortunate than you.
So whatever you can do
to help, and I always say
it doesn't have to
be a lot of things.
It could be that you read
to a child that might not
have parents, or it could
be that you, instead
of buying two coffees,
you take that money
and you put that into
something that you care about.
So I think you can
do so many things,
but you need to be
passionate about it.
So if you are passionate
about something
that you have been affected
by, I think support that.
Because there's so much
to do in the world.
And I think sometimes we
get a little bit overwhelmed
by wanting to save the world.
And when you look at the
world like, where do you start
and what can I do?
What can me as an
individual do to this world,
that it feels completely
unrealistic and really
hard to get to.
But you can start
small, and you can
start where you are and do
something that you love.
And because of that,
then inspire others.
And then that becomes
hopefully a better world.
>> Well said.
I concur.
You're a force for good,
Kristina, really good.
I think we've covered some
incredible topics today.
I feel very grateful
for our conversation.
My last question would
be, is there anything else
you think you wanted to add?
Any quote that you
miss saying, anything
you think from the book that
you think is worth mentioning,
or if there's any last sort of
idea or quote or any finale.
>> Yep.
So I think I want to go back a
little bit on the discomfort.
So I think having big dreams
is sometimes daunting,
and it's out of your comfort
zone if you dream really big.
And if you start dreaming
and you have all these dreams
and goals and you put that
into that bucket thinking,
that is so daunting and
it's so uncomfortable
even to think about how I'm
going achieve those dreams.
And then you go in
your normal life,
and you just keep
going where you are.
And you actually think
about that my life could
be much more whatever that is.
It doesn't mean you have
to start big things,
but do what you love.
And knowing that you potentially
could do more with your life,
that's also discomfort.
And I always think,
which discomfort zone
do you want to be in?
And I always choose
the one where
I want to make sure that I
do as much as I possibly can.
Because I think that at
the end of your life,
you want to make sure that
you did whatever you can.
Because we don't know
how many lives we have.
But assuming this is the
one and only life we have,
I think you want to
make the most of it.
And sometimes big dreams
could be doing less.
So it doesn't have to be
big, crazy goals, starting
a global business or whatever.
It could be that you
actually just want
to have a Sunday off
and go out in nature.
So I think it will be
discomfort whatever you choose,
so why not go for your dreams?
>> Beautiful.
Thank you so much for your time.
It's awesome to speak to you.
And I love the
continual evolution
of the kikki.K brand
and your new focus
on goal setting and
inspiring people to dream
and also giving back.
So thank you for what
you do in the world.
I appreciate it.
>> Thank you for having me,
and thank you for all that
you're doing.
[MUSIC PLAYING]